hello smokey bear and happy birthday I'm
Joe acaba expedition 32 flight engineer
on the International Space Station it is
your 68th birthday and what a journey it
has been since 1944 you have supported
the education of generations of
Americans about the critical role in
wildfire prevention through your message
only you can prevent wildfires I
understand there will be many ways in
which you will celebrate your birthday
this year outreach into communities
across the United States we have been
working on the ISS to position you and
your support network by taking imagery
of fires from space and studying the
behavior of fire in microgravity is
exciting news that NASA Johnson Space
Center has extended a special invitation
for you to visit the Center on your
birthday to learn more about human
spaceflight and the work being done on
the ISS to enable us to explore the
universe as well as gaining knowledge
for the benefit of all people and the
protection of life on Earth so please
enjoy your day NASA looks forward to
sharing your message about being
responsible when using fire and to
prevent human-caused wildfires as a
talisman of our Soyuz flight you have
been a critical member of our team from
blast-off on may 15th in Kazakhstan to
now through our partnership together I
am pleased to be a part of raising
awareness for people everywhere about
wildfire prevention and I would like to
take this opportunity to recognize that
you are managed by the u.s. Forest
Service in cooperation with the National
Association of state foresters and the
Ad Council an organization that improves
change in and improves lives thank you
for all you do and again happy birthday
I wish you all the best in your next 68
years of public service